those growth and welcome to another one
of my VIPs the starcraft 2 variety um oh
yeah by the way thank you I used old
several times shut up about it anyway
there you go we're gonna see if my
computer can yet again anti I'm gonna
stop talking about computers getting
boring and hopefully get sound issues
done we have indeed Davey versus assumed
to be psionic oh yes i am very clever
aren't I yeah ok so I'm chrono not yet
what you need firstly the pylon probably
anyway so this is a psionic griever
versus Davey I don't really give some of
the replays I do have already been done
by other people because I haven't seen
them yet so actually I'm not doing this
for YouTube I'm doing this so I have an
excuse to watch extraordinary amounts of
starcraft 2 in a day ok so there you go
so we first have this is this map yeah
I've seen it before I well yeah I'm just
here to have a good time so I forgot
what the map was like but I've seen it
before it's ridiculously easy to wall
off as terran and you might actually be
able to wall it off well permanently
where any race really maybe zeg not
because they usually get shafted so we
have one gateway going up here I'm
really curious what the sound volumes
like I've done a few tests but I haven't
seen any big battle so it might be that
our fade in the background which is sad
thing to have anyway gap barracks also
going down so well Davey's want to
analyze to crap I mean you need to see
every single little detail that he does
oh yeah what was the speed that increase
speed faster fastest now that's not what
the game is being played on is it is it
faster it might actually be faster looks
very fast to me
just going fast i think is the normal
speed I already can um faster is faster
okay so anywhos it's I like it this way
actually gives me time to say something
about the game because it gets a quick
game I mean yeah that Scouts norlin
again they're gonna get raped in a
corner here a little bit of a bath a
prison scene that getting banged up
against the wall anyway they have got
the orbital command also going in
already we've got a few and are we have
straight away we have an expansion going
for our dear David so this map of course
cross position it is the good thing to
do whereas are their friends psionic is
going for to assimilate errs straight
into cybernetics core this might be
interesting because we're going to see
early expansion versus death incarnate
vs tech and we'll see what's going to
happen with that tech yeah so one marine
has managed to da coming from Davy
that's good that's maybe codes I think
he's typing in cheat codes I'm pretty
sure the blizzard dimple employees have
Keith goes let's see um yep that marine
wasn't there it spawned again anyway
I'll better come out we've got the mule
going something that a lot of people
seem to forget exists in the early days
probably will become second nature to
starcraft in a minute anyway there we go
we finally have of guys and now going in
full day via we're gonna say I'm gonna
do the production here there you go see
what's happening yet we've got the
twilights council and stock is already
being researched here so Twilight
Council sort of citadel of doing I think
that maybe because of this block here
that sonic might actually go for
stalkers large amount of gas being
produced it to hundreds 240 in the bank
that for the gas anyway commences is
almost done in 34 wraps oh it's gonna be
heavy heavy infantry with my white
actually be a very bad thing for the
stalkers let's see that stock is going
to come out any second now yours episode
we've got two barracks building it's
insane a lot of Marines here Crona being
used on the Gateway but nothing being
produced inside a gateway hello used you
use Toronto and you're not using it why
aren't you cuz you supply block yourself
or something no no no you didn't you
just being silly are you saying yes you
are silly using the cool stuff but
you're not doing anything with it well
done wise counsel is not researching
anything yet let's see if we're gonna
see zealot charge of bleak I think we're
gonna see blink all we're going to go
straight for DTS that could also be big
case because he's got the shit ton of
gas mining anyway there you go I've got
the second one second expansion is up
with the five SUVs that's really cheesy
I mean they need to find a way that
Tarin Kot expand like a fucker like it
did in the early days where you just
floated something to a lost temple but
the island I mean anyway we've got a
tech lab we've got a tech labs we're
gonna see heavy infantry we've got the
engineering Bay here as well probably
single number seen Marauders maybe let's
see we've got techlabs techlabs techlabs
do do do do do you think that loves
thing lipstick lipstick clubs and now we
do have Marauders great did you know fun
fact for you do these out there the
Marauder while the marine was actually
called Marauder back in the starcraft
one days in the stout starcraft 1 alpha
days and it had a concussion grenade
sort of like the punishing your needs
that were all this happening because
even in one of the starcraft cinematics
one of the marines in the Amerigo
cinematic when the hydraulics come out
of there one of the most
some things ever he actually uses one of
those grenades so go watch that now if
you don't have stock up on what the fuck
yeah so yeah for the so we have warp
gates and we're going to see dog shrines
and we're gonna see Dark Templar
probably hop on there but he needs
vision for that he doesn't have vision
of this upper so we will need to find a
way so we do have this doctor first Dark
Templar is already out oh it's one of
the gay ones don't like this model
really go but anyway so it's taking a
swipe I believe there's no it's actually
quite seen the massager it's us okay
silly but that expansion is probably
going to be get absolutely annihilated
we do have supply depots going around
there we don't have turrets here yet so
the windows closing but any what was I
saying yeah people who only watch my
starcraft two vids i do how I have made
a lot of fucking normal starcraft games
as well watch them they are a lot better
than these because I well still don't
know what I'm talking about in stock
graph one but it well it's put more
confidence that I speak anyway tearing
weapons infantry infantry weapons
weapons even three yes indeed and
starport so everything really being
built by naming here see the tank has
only been used Oh what is he doing is
breaking oh the window has closing
rapidly cannot rape the SUV's without
punishment anymore with our little pile
on there I thought that was going to be
a hopper but yeah so we do have a lot of
high templars now being producers but
also that's the item blonde out that
used to be the mothership and the main
nerve who is this it's probably the new
matriarch or something is going to had
has to be